74. The president of Grove College has recommended that the college abandon its century-old tradition of all-female education and begin admitting men. Pointing to other all-female colleges that experienced an increase in applications after adopting coeducation, the president argues that coeducation would lead to a significant increase in applications and enrollment. However, the director of the alumnae association opposes the plan. Arguing that all-female education is essential to the very identity of the college, the director cites annual surveys of incoming students in which these students say that the school's all-female status was the primary reason they selected Grove. The director also points to a survey of Grove alumnae in which a majority of respondents strongly favored keeping the college all female.


Write a response in which you discuss what questions would need to be answered in order to decide whether the recommendation and the argument on which it is based are reasonable. Be sure to explain how the answers to these questions would help to evaluate the recommendation.

In this argument, a debate between the president of Grove College and the director of alumnae association is presented with regard to whether the college should abandon its century-old tradition of all-female education. As the supporter of this recommendation, the president resorts to other all-female colleges that adopted a similar education system and witnessed a subsequent application increase. In contrast, the director opposes the plan. Citing opinions of Grove¡¯s incoming students and alumnae, both of which endorse the conservation of all-female tradition, the director argues that such a tradition is an essential college identity. Plausible as the two sides of this debate may appear, in order to decide which recommendation is more reasonable, we need to ask more questions and the answers to these questions might help us settle on the ultimate decision.
In this argument,a debate between the president of grove college and the director of alumnae association is presented with respect to whether the college should abandon its century-old tradition of all-female education.As the suooporter of this recommendation ,the president resorts to other all-female colleges that accommodate to a similar education system and witnessed a significant application increase.On the contrary,the director opposes the plan by stating that the incoming students and alumnae both endorse espouse champion the conservation of all female tradition,the director argues that such a tradition forms the core value of the college.Altough the argument of the two sides may sound valid, in order to decide which recommendation is more reasonable, more questions should be asked and the answers to them might help us make a final decision.





On the one hand, we need to raise a serious of questions and the answers to these questions might contribute to confirming the casual relationship between the coeducation system and the application increase. First, even though we are informed that the adoption of the coeducation system was followed by an increase in application in some all-female colleges, we may still wonder whether such an increase should be attributed to this system. Normally, an application increase might spring from various factors, excellent faculty with strong academic background, appealing campus surroundings, for example, and in most cases those factors jointly exert an impact on application. Therefore, unless the president gives a positive answer showing that the coeducation system is the only reason responsible for the application increase, we remain unconvinced of such a system¡¯s efficiency in attracting more students. Second, granted that the aforementioned causal relationship is confirmed, we still need to ask whether Grove College will experience similar application increase after it adopts the coeducation system. This question further behooves us to inquire to what extent Grove College is analogical to other all-female colleges mentioned in the argument. If the president provides answers to demonstrate sufficient similarities between those colleges and Grove College, then we incline to appreciate his/her recommendation. Otherwise we may reserve our approval.
On the one hand,we need to raise a series of questions to determine the real relationship between the coeducation system and the application increase.First,even though we are informed that the adoption of the coeducation system was followed by an increase in application in some other all-female colleges.We can by no means judge that such an increase is attributable to this coeducation reform. Normally the application increase may stem from originate from spring from is attributed to various factors,such as the quality of the curriculum, the excellence of the faculty in his academic bacuground,campus surroundin.In the majority of cases,the factors above mentioned all exert an impact influence on the application.Thus if a decisive evidence that the coeducation is the only reason leading to the increase in number is presented by the president, we are inclined to believe that such a reform will contribute to the increase in application.Moreever the inquiry also benefits the college to find out his outstanding aspects comparing to the other similar colleges. 









